Update README (#914)
elastic/elasticsearch-rails: README.md

| 2.x           | → | 2.x           |
| 5.x           | → | 5.x           |
| 6.x           | → | 6.x           |
| 7.x           | → | 7.x           |
| master        | → | master        |

Use a release matching your stack's major version of Elasticsearch. Each client

> version is backwards compatible with all minor versions of the major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version is backwards compatible with all minor versions of the same major version.
```

| 2.x           | → | 2.x           |
| 5.x           | → | 5.x           |
| 6.x           | → | 6.x           |
| 7.x           | → | 7.x           |
| master        | → | master        |

> Use a release matching your stack's major version of Elasticsearch. Each client

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion:
```suggestion
Use a release that matches the major version of Elasticsearch in your stack. Each client
```
